refactor(integration-test): Remove duplicate code from integration tests (#2122)
salesforce/lwc: packages/integration-tests/README.md

```

Note that `<specific-repro>.spec.js` should always be at the top level under `test-<specific-repro>`.

### Pro tips

-   `browser.keys(['Shift', 'Tab'])` keeps you in a state where the shift key is toggled so you may run into unexpected results unless you explicitly untoggle the shift key. The recommendation is to use the command `browser.keys(['Shift', 'Tab', 'Shift'])` which toggles and untoggles the shift key in a single command.

> -   On top of the [commands](https://webdriver.io/docs/api.html) already provided by WebdriverIO, this project also provides [custom command](scripts/commands) for common operation like shadow tree query selection and focus.

Reviewer: nit
```suggestion
-   On top of the [commands](https://webdriver.io/docs/api.html) already provided by WebdriverIO, this project also provides [custom commands](scripts/commands) for common operations like shadow tree query selection and focus.
```
